[DO NOT MERGE] Update pages and images to support adding public providers to registry (#1941)
hashicorp/terraform-website: content/source/docs/cloud/registry/add.html.md

   ![Terraform Cloud screenshot: the "registry" button and the "Search public registry" button](./images/add-find-button.png)

   The **Public Registry Search** page appears.

   ![Terraform Cloud screenshot: the Search Public Modules page](./images/add-search-public-modules-providers.png)

2. Enter any combination of namespaces (e.g. hashicorp) and module/provider names into the search field. You can click **Providers** and **Modules** to toggle between lists of providers and modules that meet the search criteria.

3. Do one of the following to add a provider or module to your private registry:
    - Hover over the provider or module and click **+ Add**.
     ![Terraform Cloud screenshot: the "+ Add" button](./images/add-add-button.png)
    - Click the provider or module to view its details and then click **Add to Terraform Cloud**.
     ![Terraform Cloud screenshot: the "+ Add" button](./images/add-add-to-terraform-cloud-button.png)

4. Click **Add to organization** in the dialog box. The provider or module is now included in the private registry, and members of your organization can begin using it.

## Deleting a Public Provider or Module

> Deleting a public provider or module from a private registry does not remove it from the Terraform Registry. To delete a public provider or module from your organization's module registry:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deleting a public provider or module from a private registry does not remove it from the Terraform Registry. 

To delete a public provider or module from your organization's module registry:
```

---
layout: "cloud"
page_title: "Adding Public Providers and Modules - Private Registry - Terraform Cloud and Terraform Enterprise"
description: |-
  Add providers and modules from the public Terraform Registry to your organization's private registry.
---

[vcs]: ../vcs/index.html

# Adding Public Providers and Modules to the Private Registry

You can add providers and modules from the public [Terraform Registry](/docs/registry/index.html) to your Terraform Cloud private registry. This lets you clearly designate which public providers and modules are recommended for the organization and makes their supporting documentation and examples centrally accessible.

> ~> **Note:** Terraform Enterprise does not support public providers or modules.

Reviewer 2: It does! To use this feature in Terraform Enterprise, you must enable access to both registry.terraform.io and https://yy0ffni7mf-dsn.algolia.net .

Author: I thought I saw that that TFE was coming slightly later - maybe in the next release in December - so it won't quite be available yet when these docs are first up. Can you just confirm that on launch this will be available in both TFC and TFE? Once you do I will fix this and add in the extra bits for TFE :-)

Author: okay we discussed offline, and for now the decision is to keep the note as is. Will update again for the December TFE release. Thank you :-)

[permissions-citation]: #intentionally-unused---keep-for-maintainers

> Once added, the private registry automatically synchronizes public providers and modules with their source on the Terraform Registry. The private registry handles downloads and controls access with Terraform Cloud API tokens, so consumers do not need access to the provider and module source repositories, even when they run Terraform from the command line.

Reviewer 3: This kind of sounds like you add the registry, rather than adding stuff to the registry.

Author: haha that's fair - let me edit that!

Author: change made

> All members of an organization can view and use public providers and modules, but you need [owners team](/docs/cloud/users-teams-organizations/permissions.html#organization-owners) permissions to add them to the private registry. Owners can add providers and modules through the UI as detailed below or through the [Registry Providers API](/docs/cloud/api/providers.html) and the [Registry Modules API](../api/modules.html#create-a-module-with-no-vcs-connection-).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
All members of an organization can view and use public providers and modules, but only members of the [owners team](/docs/cloud/users-teams-organizations/permissions.html#organization-owners) can add them to the private registry. Owners can add providers and modules through the UI as detailed below or through the [Registry Providers API](/docs/cloud/api/providers.html) and the [Registry Modules API](../api/modules.html#create-a-module-with-no-vcs-connection-).
```

Author: it won't let me just apply the changes, so I'm making them locally and will push them up! So I'll resolve this but just know your changes have been applied!

## Adding a Public Provider or Module

> > **Hands-on:** Try the [Add Public Modules to your Private Registry](https://learn.hashicorp.com/tutorials/terraform/module-private-registry-add?in=terraform/modules) tutorial and [Share Modules in the Private Registry](https://learn.hashicorp.com/tutorials/terraform/module-private-registry?in=terraform/modules) tutorials on HashiCorp Learn.

Reviewer 3: the name of this tutorial might change when this feature ships?

Author: yeah - let me ask Rita to take a look!

To add a public provider or module:

1. Click **Registry** in the main navigation bar. The organization's private registry appears with a list of available providers and modules.

    ![Terraform Cloud screenshot: The "registry" button](./images/registry-button.png)

1. Click **Search public registry**. The **Public Registry Search** page appears.

    ![Terraform Cloud screenshot: the Search Public Modules page](./images/add-search-public-modules-providers.png)

> 1. Enter any combination of namespaces (e.g. hashicorp) and module/provider names into the search field. You can click **Providers** and **Modules** to toggle between lists of providers and modules that meet the search criteria.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. Enter any combination of namespaces (e.g. hashicorp), and module or provider names into the search field. You can click **Providers** and **Modules** to toggle between lists of providers and modules that meet the search criteria.
```

Author: applied locally, will push up

1. Do one of the following to add a provider or module to your private registry:
    - Hover over the provider or module and click **+ Add**.
     ![Terraform Cloud screenshot: the "+ Add" button](./images/add-add-button.png)
    - Click the provider or module to view its details and then click **Add to Terraform Cloud**.
     ![Terraform Cloud screenshot: the "+ Add" button](./images/add-add-to-terraform-cloud-button.png)

> 1. Click **Add to organization** in the dialog box. The provider or module is now included in the private registry, and members of your organization can begin using it.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. Click **Add to organization** in the dialog box. The provider or module is now included in the private registry, and members of your organization can begin using it from the private registry.
```

Author: added locally, will push up

## Deleting a Public Provider or Module

> Deleting a public provider or module from a private registry does not remove it from the Terraform Registry. To delete a public provider or module from an organization's private registry:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Deleting a public provider or module from a private registry does not remove it from the public Terraform Registry. To delete a public provider or module from an organization's private registry:
```

Author: added locally - will push up!
